[Term Entry] Python Built-in Function: Setattr() (#2467)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/setattr/setattr.md

---
Title: 'Setattr()'
Description: 'Sets the value of the attribute of an object.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Setattr()`** function is a built-in Python function used to set the value of a named attribute of an object. It allows you to dynamically assign or modify attributes of an object at runtime.

Reviewer: [Proofreading/Nitpick] See my feedback on [line 50](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/2467/files#r1225934612) for context. 
```suggestion
The **`Setattr()`** function is a built-in Python function used to set the value of a named attribute of an object. It allows a developer to dynamically assign or modify attributes of an object at runtime.
```

> The **`Setattr()`** function is a built-in Python function used to set the value of a named attribute of an object. It allows a developer to dynamically assign or modify attributes of an object at runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`setattr()`** function is a built-in Python function used to set the value of a named attribute of an object. It allows a developer to dynamically assign or modify attributes of an object at runtime.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
setattr(object, attribute, value)
```

The `setattr()` function requires three parameters:

- `object`: an object.

> - `attribute`: attribute name that you want to set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `attribute`: name of the attribute to be set.
```

Reviewer 2: Generally we don't use first and second person pronouns in docs (I, you, we)

> - `value`: the value you want to give the `attribute`.

Reviewer: [Proofreading/Nitpick] This is similar to my feedback at line 50. Check it [out](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/2467/files#r1225934612). Also, using "value" in the description seems redundant. 
```suggestion
- `value`: the value to give the `attribute`.
```

## Example

> The following example will change the `value` of the `name` attribute from the `Person` object:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example will change the value of the `name` attribute of the `Person` object:
```

```py
class Person:
  name = "Alex"
  age = 30

# Updating the name property

> setattr(Person, 'name', "John")
> 
> # Retrieving the name property
> new_name = getattr(Person, 'name')
> print("My new name is " + new_name)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
setattr(Person, "name", "John")

# Retrieving the name property
new_name = getattr(Person, "name")
print("My new name is " + new_name)

```

Reviewer 2: for the sake of consistency use single or double quotes exclusively within a code block. Also follow the code block with a sentence such as:

"This will result in the following output:"

And put the output in a shell block

# output: My new name is John
```
## Codebyte Example

> Suppose we have a `Person` class that represents a person with attributes such as name and age. We can use the `setattr()` function to dynamically set the value of an attribute.
> 

Reviewer: [Nitpick/Proofreading] According to [the style guide(https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/content-standards.md#general-writing-tips), pronouns are discouraged. 
```suggestion
Suppose there is a `Person` class that represents a person with attributes such as name and age. The `setattr()` function can be used to dynamically set the value of an attribute.

```

```codebyte/py
class Person:
    pass

# Create an instance of the Person class
person = Person()

# Set the name attribute using setattr()

> setattr(person, 'name', 'John Doe')

Reviewer 2: change the quotes to match whatever you choose to use in the previous example

# Set the age attribute using setattr()
setattr(person, 'age', 25)

# Access the attributes
print(person.name)  # Output: John Doe

> print(person.age)   # Output: 25

Reviewer 2: The output isn't necessary in the comments because it is a runnable script
